[ok to merge] caching docs (#5288)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## May 2024

> - **New**: The [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) introduces [caching](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-cache), allowing you to cache common queries to speed up performance and reduce query computation. Available for dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: The [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) introduces [caching](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-cache), allowing you to cache common queries to speed up performance and reduce query compute costs. Available for dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise accounts.
```

> - **New**: The [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) introduces [caching](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-cache), allowing you to cache common queries to speed up performance and reduce query compute costs. Available for dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: The [dbt Semantic Layer](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl) introduces [declarative caching](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-cache), allowing you to cache common queries to speed up performance and reduce query compute costs. Available for dbt Cloud Team or Enterprise accounts.
```
